# [Describe Cloud Concepts](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/microsoft-azure-fundamentals-describe-cloud-concepts/)

- 3 parts in this module
    - Describe cloud computing.
        - Introduction to Microsoft Azure Fundamentals 
            - Microsoft Azure is a cloud computing platform.
            - Azure has simple web services for hosting your business presence in the cloud.
            - Azure also supports running fully virtualized computers managing your custom software solutions.
            - Azure provides a wealth of cloud-based services like remote storage, database hosting, and centralized account management.
            - Azure also offers new capabilities like artificial intelligence (AI) and Internet of Things (IoT) focused services.
        - What is Azure Fundamentals?
            - Azure Fundamentals is a series of three learning paths that familiarize you with Azure and its many services and features.
            - Azure Fundamentals includes interactive exercises that give you hands-on experience with Azure. Many exercises provide a temporary Azure portal environment called the sandbox, which allows you to practice creating cloud resources for free at your own pace.
        - What is cloud computing?
            - Cloud computing is the delivery of computing services over the internet.
            - Computing services include common IT infrastructure such as virtual machines, storage, databases, and networking.
            - Cloud services also expand the traditional IT offerings to include things like Internet of Things (IoT), machine learning (ML), and artificial intelligence (AI).
            - Since cloud computing uses internet to deliver these services, it should not be constrained by physical infrastructure like a traditional datacenter is.
            - This means if you need to rapidly expand the IT infrastructure, we can use the cloud to rapidly do it.
    - Describe the benefits of using cloud services.
    - Describe cloud service types.
